add description for key update. (#109)
riscv-non-isa/riscv-ap-tee-io: specification/07-theory_operations.adoc

=== Interface Unbinding

=== Session Key Update

In TEE-IO architecture, there are 2 sessions established between the host TSM

> and the device: SPDM session and IDE session. Both sessions use AES-GCM-256

Author: done

> keys to protect the data. As such, the host software needs to update the

Author: I don't think we can put mandatory requirement for an untrusted software.

session keys before the use of keys reach to the limit.

==== SPDM Session Key Update

SPDM session key update is managed by SPDM KEY_UPDATE command.
The TSM shall count the usage of SPDM session keys, also knowns as the 64bit
`sequence number` defined in <<SecuredSPDM>>.

> Whenever the VMM asks the TSM to encrypt the SPDM message, the TSM shall check
> if the `sequence number` reaches to the limit. If yes, the TSM shall notify VMM to
> perform SPDM Key Update action (through the `sbi_covh_spdm_key_update()` `COVH` call).

Reviewer: The VMM never explictly asks the TSM to encrypt SPDM messages, but sends `COVH` requests that could lead to the generation and encryption of SPDM messages from the TSM. See https://github.com/riscv-non-isa/riscv-ap-tee-io/blob/main/specification/07-theory_operations.adoc#spdm-transport

So I suggest this instead:

```suggestion
Whenever the TSM generates and encrypts SPDM messages to support the host supervisor domain manager `COVH` requests, it shall check if the `sequence number` reaches to the limit. If it does, the TSM notifies the VMM to initiate an SPDM Key Update (through the `sbi_covh_spdm_key_update()` `COVH` call), by replying with an `SBI` error to the corresponding `COVH` request.
Once the SPDM Key Update completes, the VMM shall re-send the failing `COVH` request. 
```

Author: done

==== IDE Session Key Refresh

IDE session key refresh is managed by host software via IDE_KM command.

> The host root port IDE engine shall count the 64bit invocation field of the IV,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The host root port IDE engine shall count the 64-bit invocation field of the IV,
```

Author: done

> and check if the value reaches to the limit, then it process the IDE TLP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
check if the value reaches to the limit, and then process the IDE TLP.
```

Author: done

> If overflow happens, the IDE stream shall be in insecure state.

Reviewer: Is it a `must move to insecure state` here as well?

> If overflow happens, the IDE stream shall be in insecure state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the invocation field overflows, the IDE stream moves to the insecure state and the IDE session terminates.
```

Author: done

In order to keep the IDE session alive, the VMM should perform IDE Key Refresh
action (through the `sbi_covh_ide_key_refresh()` `COVH` call) before the IDE
session reaches the limit of the key usage.

Currently, there is no robust way to get the invocation field of IV for a given
IDE session. One possible way is to do time-based refresh. For example, the VMM

> perform the IDE key refresh every several minutes based on the calculation of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
could periodically perform IDE key refresh, based on the calculation of
```

In TEE-IO architecture, when connecting to a device, a TSM establishes an SPDM
session and an IDE session. Both sessions use AES-GCM-256 keys to protect the
data. As such, the host supervisor domain manager needs to update the session
keys before the use of keys reach to the limit.

==== SPDM Session Key Update

SPDM session key update is managed by SPDM KEY_UPDATE command.
The TSM shall count the usage of SPDM session keys, also knowns as the 64bit
`sequence number` defined in <<SecuredSPDM>>.

Whenever the TSM generates and encrypts SPDM messages to support the host
supervisor domain manager (e.g. a VMM) `COVH` requests, it shall check if the
`sequence number` reaches the limit. If it does, the TSM replies to the request
with the `SBI_ERR_KEY_UPDATE_REQUIRED` error in order to indicate to the VMM
that it should initiate an SPDM Key Update (through the
`sbi_covh_spdm_key_update()` `COVH` call).

Once the SPDM Key Update completes, the VMM shall re-send the failing `COVH`
request.

==== IDE Session Key Refresh

IDE session key refresh is managed by host software via IDE_KM command.
The host root port IDE engine shall count the 64-bit invocation field of the IV,

> check if the value reaches to the limit, and then process the IDE TLP.

Author: done
